Update tikv rocksdb enum type configurations (#7376)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

### `wal-recovery-mode`

> + WAL recovery mode

Reviewer: Write Ahead Log (WAL)

+ Value options:

> + `"tolerate-corrupted-tail-records"`: tolerates and discards the records that have incomplete trailing data on all logs.
> + `"absolute-consistency"`: abandons recovery when corrupted logs are found.
> + `"point-in-time"`: recovers log sequentially until the first corrupted log is encountered.
> + `"skip-any-corrupted-records"`: recovery after a disaster. Corrupted records are skipped

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+    - `"tolerate-corrupted-tail-records"`: tolerates and discards the records that have incomplete trailing data on all logs
+    - `"absolute-consistency"`: abandons recovery when corrupted logs are found
+    - `"point-in-time"`: recovers log sequentially until the first corrupted log is encountered
+    - `"skip-any-corrupted-records"`: recovery after a disaster. Corrupted records are skipped
```

> + Value options:
> +    - `"tolerate-corrupted-tail-records"`: tolerates and discards the records that have incomplete trailing data on all logs
> +    - `"absolute-consistency"`: abandons recovery when corrupted logs are found
> +    - `"point-in-time"`: recovers log sequentially until the first corrupted log is encountered
> +    - `"skip-any-corrupted-records"`: recovery after a disaster. Corrupted records are skipped
> + Default value: `"point-in-time"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Optional values:

+    - `"tolerate-corrupted-tail-records"`: tolerates and discards the records that have incomplete trailing data on all logs
+    - `"absolute-consistency"`: abandons recovery when corrupted logs are found
+    - `"point-in-time"`: recovers logs sequentially until the first corrupted log is encountered
+    - `"skip-any-corrupted-records"`: recovers after a disaster. The data is recovered as much as possible, and the corrupted records are skipped.
+ Default value: `"point-in-time"`
```

>     + `"skip-any-corrupted-records"`: recovers after a disaster. The data is recovered as much as possible, and the corrupted records are skipped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + `"skip-any-corrupted-records"`: post-disaster recovery. The data is recovered as much as possible, and corrupted records are skipped.
```

### `rate-limiter-mode`

+ RocksDB's compaction rate limiter mode

> + Optional values: `"read-only"`, `"write-only"`, `"all-io"`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Optional values: `"read-only"`, `"write-only"`, `"all-io"`
```

### `compaction-pri`

+ The priority type of compaction

> + Optional values: `"by-compensated-size"`, `"oldest-largest-seq-first"`, `"oldest-smallest-seq-first"`, `"min-overlapping-ratio"`

Reviewer: to be explained

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Optional values: 
    - `"by-compensated-size"`: prioritize the compaction on large files in order of file size
    - `"oldest-largest-seq-first"`: perform the compaction on files with data whose latest update time is old in chronological order. **Only** set this value when updating hot keys in small ranges.
    - `"oldest-smallest-seq-first"`: prioritize compaction on files with ranges that are not compacted to the next level for a long time in chronological order. If you randomly update hot keys across the key space, setting this value can slightly reduce write amplification.
    - `"min-overlapping-ratio"`: prioritize compaction on files with a high overlap ratio. When the file size in different levels is small (which means the value of  `the file size in the next level` ÷ `the file size in this level` is small), TiKV compacts the file first. In many cases, setting this value can effectively reduce write amplification.
```

Reviewer 2: @en-jin19 What is the input of this content?
